Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Yvon Man
with David.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Global stocks jumping to
a record. That's after the latest US
inflation reading bolsters bets on a Fed
rate cut next month.
>> President Trump to consider expanding
the government's cut from China chip
sales as Bloomberg reveals Beijing is
urging local companies to avoid Nvidia's
H20 processors. Also ahead, 10-centent
in focus with earnings on deck as
investors eye a path for shares to hit a
record on the back of cheap valuations.
>> Plus, how a boom in Hong Kong's capital
markets fueled by Chinese money is
risking backlash from the US.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show. The
story remains the same. A an equity
market that extend is extending its
rally. S&P futures though, as you can
see, are seeing a bit of a pause there.
But that said, you know, we are
extending the gains on Wall Street.
Nikki again is up 432 now. And the Nikki
up 500 points. That's lifting the
benchmark right now to about 6%. We're
off 6% from the record high. This one,
this market specifically 610 of 1% in
Taiwan. Flip the boards, please. U is
now at this level I would say about half
of 1% if not even closer to an all-time
high. We'll see what happens of course
over the course of the session here.
Right. Are we set up for you know a a
bout of dollar weakness again in the
next few months or so now that we've
we're coming off the inflation print.
Not really an ugly ugly surprise there
as far as the uh any nasty surprises
that you know pivots the Fed's attention
back to inflation as opposed to the weak
labor market. Yeah, we could talk about
it later. Uh 95 96% probability right
now as I speak and last I checked.
That's the last thing I checked right
before I came on set today. Uh in terms
of what swaps are pricing, probability
of a rate cut next month. Uh very
quickly, let's move into the approach of
the Hong Kong open. It's worth
mentioning too that again this morning
intervention from the HKMA to defend the
PEG and as far as A50 futures go. So we
talked about Tencent earnings. We will
get market reaction to earnings from
Tensid Music. Ma Thai also came out
yesterday. Uh and we've been talking
about Shanghai composite. We're now
within 1.3% of the 2021 peak. Ivonne,
>> yeah, your agenda. You mentioned of
course what happened with the HQMA. So
watching Honky dollar very closely. Uh
there has been some talk about some more
consumption sort of stimulus here. So
China playing an interest subsidy for
loans uh to boost consumption there as
well. We talked about the Shanghai comp
rally. This kind of quiet one that
Taheen stock is talking about here today
uh really driven by liquidity. So we'll
see how that sustainable that is. But
yes, Tensson earnings are very front and
center here today. Anything in terms of
the AI plans and the like of course but
we are still expecting those earnings to
slow down uh there from a year ago. Rise
in CGB yields obviously is still the
reflation story that we're watching very
closely in terms of stocks. It's chips
10-centent music that stock was moving
overnight on the back of those earnings
and Mao Thai as well. Pretty weak
earnings on that front there too, Dave.
>> Yeah. Okay, let's talk about what this
has anything changed from the US
inflation print overnight and I think
it's worth pointing out ahead of the Fed
decision I think September 1819 our time
is you still have a few data points
coming out right ISM GDP
>> another PCE another non-farm payrolls
but it does seem that there is a case
there for at least a strong case
market's now looking at a case to cut
interest rates
>> that seems to be what the market is kind
of leading with here today after that
CPI print but it was interesting to see
the return of services inflation
>> so it wasn't really tariff pass through
that you're seeing in goods,
>> but you're still seeing lingering sorts
of inflation pressures in the services
sides, airfares, healthcare, the like.
That may still be a headache for the Fed
moving forward here. But certainly, it's
interesting, right? Bloomberg economics
Anna Wong was saying that maybe we might
still expect a hotter print in the core
PCE data for July. And you know,
basically that means if you're if you're
betting on a September rate cut, maybe
not so fast right now.
>> Yeah. Not not everything in one basket.
there could be a a minority case there,
a minor case there to to to to hold for
September. Uh what's interesting though
is uh Scott Bessent floated the idea of
not just 25 but he's of 50, right? You
know, we need to start talking about
that. I mean, is that really how bad the
economy is doing uh under this White
House is the other I guess the uh the
naughty way to look at that. Okay. Um
well, the data is telling us that there
is not really a big problem with
inflation. Maybe we can focus in on the
weak labor market and again the case to
cut interest rates. What does it mean
for equity markets? Helen J is with us,
managing partner and CIO NF Trinity.
Good morning.
>> Morning guys.
>> So
done deal. Is it an assumption we can
make right now? The Fed's going to cut
interest rates.
>> We think that the rate cuts will start
in September, right? Scott Besson's
point was actually that if they had seen
the accurate NFP numbers for the last
two months, the post 90% downward
revision numbers that there would have
been Fed cuts earlier in the months
already. Now, I don't think the Fed
needs to necessarily rush forward with
the 50 basis point cut right away.
Unless of course that September uh
beginning of September NFP comes in
horribly, then I think they might
contemplate it. But if not, we think
it's probably going to be 25 basis
points. Um we actually think the
inflation is not going to be as
important of a constraint even though it
was a little bit hotter. We were talking
about really really uh you know
splitting hairs here and also I think
within the core PCE a very large
component is the uh shelter or rent and
on that front you're seeing bottom up
information coming through that as the
supply is improving um actually the
rents are you know moving towards
neutral or even in some regions
negative. So we think that over time
maybe in the next six to nine months
that number will actually come down
quite a bit and catch up with what's
actually happening on a bottom up
perspective.
>> Do you think that we can when it comes
to tariff pass through can we put that
aside now? I'm just wondering or are we
just still expecting some sort of
pipeline of pass through that's yet to
hit or is it just going to be felt in
profit margins? If I look at companies,
>> I think it's a combination of uh you
know where it's being absorbed, right?
So some of it is actually being absorbed
by the consumer but a decent amount is
being absorbed by the manufacturer and
then some you know whoever is
distributing it in the US etc. and then
some of it is being absorbed by the
source from overseas. So there is
definitely some impact in terms of the
headline uh CPI but the impact is not
entirely reflected in the headline CPI.
Moreover, numerous Fed officials have
commented in the past that this is more
of a one-off and nothing to really worry
about on a sustainable basis. So, I
don't think that's going to have a
really meaningful impact in terms of
affecting their thoughts about the Fed
uh Fed funds rate uh path looking
forward.
>> Um what does it mean for equity market
or parts of the equity market that are
sensitive to you know the the rate
outlook or you know PMI or cyclical
sectors? What are you seeing there?
>> Cyclical sectors have been under a lot
of pressure over the past couple of
years. Right. Actually if you look at
the ISM in the US it's been in uh
contractionary territory for a couple of
years already. So whereas the US
consumer US AI US services those have
been very very hot for longer than
expected. Everything in the traditional
cyclical industries have been you know
quite constrained for quite some time
and for example the overall housing
market the volumes have been dismal
because of the fact that mortgage rates
have been so high and therefore people
have not necessarily been upgrading or
buying. So I think those are the key
things to watch for. If rates do come
down let's say five or six times by end
of next year as is forecast at the
moment which we agree with then we think
that those are probably incrementally
the sectors that are going to benefit a
lot more. So property uh you know REITs
for example which are you know cap rates
are going to be affected by the uh Fed
funds rate uh or Treasury yields and
then you know obviously if the long end
starts to come down as well which is not
entirely based on what happens on the
short end but if you know employment
numbers start to come off and various
aspects of the economy show some mild
signs of uh deceleration and soft
landing then we do think that actually
you know housing and related property
related sectors will probably benefit
versus others. a doubbish Fed, a weaker
dollar. Do you think that necessarily
means stay in the US right now? I mean,
I think a lot of Fed managers out there
still think, you know, the US is still
quite overvalued. Do you look elsewhere?
>> Isn't that a case for EM?
>> So, the US is basically at uh Goldilock
scenario from a fundamental basis as
well as quite goldilocks valuation, peak
valuation across most sectors except
those few that are in the trough
territory. Um, we actually do think that
outside of the US has more compelling
opportunities. We've seen massive
amounts of foreign buying into the US
market over the last couple of years,
mainly for the AI trade and the scarcity
value of that as well as the fact that
the dollar was getting so much stronger
and everywhere else's economies were
actually not doing so well. But now I
think that story has changed a little
bit, right? The relative growth rates
have evened out to some extent. We
actually see that other economies are
starting to stimulate more on the fiscal
side versus before. Some of them have
more structural reforms. And so in the
recent months, we've seen that the
foreign buying into the US has gone from
massively positive to actually more like
neutral. It's not showing outflows just
yet, but I do think that uh less inflows
into the US specifically means foreign
investors are allocating in their home
markets. And over time, even though I
don't think this is immediate because US
investors tend to be very home focused,
but over time, if the dollar continues
to show weakness as the Fed rate cuts
come through, then I do think US
investors will gradually start to
diversify a little bit more as well.
>> All right, we'll have more with Helen
Ju, managing partner and CIO at NF
Trinity coming up. Still ahead, we're
going to check in on Chinese earnings
ahead of 10 cents reporting earnings as
well. Ciao Maai delivering its slowest
sales and profit growth in years on weak
consumer demand and the government's
austerity drive. Yep, distilling that
reality with a sub 9% growth handle
there. But ahead of that, Beijing said
to be urging local companies to avoid
Nvidia's H20 chips, complicating its
return to China. Analysis next from
longtime Nvidia holder and bull. Ross
Gerber coming down to the open of trade
here about 20 minutes away. Shanghai
Shenzhen in Hong Kong. Just to also
mention at the top at the next hour we
have a briefing coming through on
consumption and perhaps this time
tomorrow morning again here we are a
typhoon signal 3 is being mulled by the
Hong Kong Observatory. The opening bell
19 minutes away
[Music]
Right, welcome back to shows. We're
about uh 50 oh 70 minutes. Okay, I'm
losing my math here. Into the cash
market session. Topics index up 1%. The
big news just dropping right now. We
don't have a lot of details on this just
yet. Japan is starting anti-dumping
um investigations into steel products
from China and also from South Korea.
So, we know so far nothing much to note.
We'll get you more details once they do
become more apparent. Okay, that's one
thing to watch here. Another thing we're
watching, of course, is the chip space
with Bloomberg's been told that Beijing
is urging local firms to avoid Nvidia's
H20 processors, especially when it comes
to government use. Now, that could limit
President Trump's hopes of turning his
export control reversal into a revenue
windfall. However, Chinese companies
still prefer Nvidia's chips for certain
AI applications and may not be ready to
switch to local alternatives. We'll see.
Our next guest has been holding Nvidia
since the stock was at $2. two. Joining
us now is Ross Gerber, president and CEO
of Gerber Kawasaki Wealth and Investment
Management. So, obviously you're you're
a longtime holder of the stock. Ross, I
I have to ask you then, does this news
on Nvidia and what China has been urging
or at least stressing to its companies,
you know, does that change anything in
your eyes?
>> Um, not really. And I guess you gave
away I'm not that young either because,
you know, it's been a 15-year journey
with Nvidia. And um the issues with
China are legitimate because they the
chip that they're selling in China is
inferior to what the rest of the world
and what America is buying and and it's
substantially inferior. So there's a lot
of risk of building a lot of systems
around the chip when when really it's
not the best technology. So it's almost
like seeding a a lesser position in AI
to your competitors. So So I'm not sure
how the chip will do, but it's better
than not being able to sell it at all,
which was the position we were in not
too recently.
>> Yeah. And you know, I was going to ask
you actually if if it the one of the
theoretical experiments a few weeks back
was if Nvidia lost the Chinese market,
does the bull case still hold up? I'll
put that question to you, Ross.
>> Well, yes. Yes, it does. But no, in the
sense of obviously China will be a
formidable investor in AI as as
everybody is and where their dollars
will go and how their systems will be
built and how compatible they are with
other systems are are going to be
determined now by the foundations of the
data centers that are are going to be
built. So so quite frankly from my
perspective you want the absolute best
top-of-the-line AI chips. you want to do
kind of what Elon's doing and that's
Nvidia and there's no way around Nvidia
at the moment and so so China's in kind
of a pickle. So it's do I buy the lesser
chips and get going now um or do I you
know try to get them some you know
blackwell some other way you know so so
this is a strategic advantage the United
States has in technology which is what
we've always had and and why I've always
been a technology investor in the United
States.
Uh Ross, Nvidia does report earnings on
August 27th, about two weeks from now.
What are you expecting this time around?
>> Well, it should be another good quarter
if you look at, you know, Meta and all
the other companies, you know, ramping
up spending on data centers. We're kind
of in this core stage. You know, we've
been looking at a lot of AI
opportunities because that's what we see
as an opportunity and also what clients
want. And and you know the truth is
we're so early in this process that you
know you don't want to get ahead of
yourselves. We we really have not even
the power to build the compute necessary
to really build the systems that people
envision for the future including
robotics. So so this is really a great
position for Nvidia to be in and
certainly if there's more innovation
from other chip makers there's certainly
lots of opportunities. We also are
second positions in Broadcom in my in my
fund GK. So, you know, really it's a
great time to be in the data center
building business and many of the sub
players in that including in energy.
>> Ros, I mean certainly the concerns over
the valuation are always almost a
feature here when you talk about Nvidia
last few years or so. How useful is it
to look at one year forward PE or do we
need to be looking beyond that and
looking how that curve looks just trying
to understand what the you know how long
this runway really is.
>> Yeah, we tend to you know being an
investor in video for so long you know
it's traded around 40 to 45 PE for most
of its existence. So you know you don't
get too many opportunities under that
number. What I'm kind of amazed at is it
it still trades at that multiple when
you have other stocks in a in a very
frothy market trading at quite you know
a lot of stocks are trading at 100 times
earnings and their growth stories but
the premiums now are extreme in the
markets and yet Nvidia which is the best
story in the market with the best CEO in
the market you know for some reason is
still at I'd say a market multiple for
big cap tech so you know it's hard not
to I Nvidia, you know, it's our our
biggest position, you know, and it just
keeps growing and I'm loathed to sell it
even though we're wildly overweight in
certain client accounts, especially
these early investor stores that that
did get in that early because I'm a
gamer, you know, and and that's the
roots of Nvidia's business. And I was
fortunate to be a gamer and figure out
Nvidia 15 years ago, you know, and then
being in autonomy. So knowing what I
know about autonomy and how that's
growing so exponentially there's so and
then cryptocurrencies which is also
GPUbased driven systems. So like almost
everything is right for this company and
and and investors need to own it.
>> Ross, thank you so much. Ross Gerber,
their president and CEO of Gerber
Kawasaki Wealth and Manage Investment
Management out of the West Coast uh this
afternoon. Uh their time there of course
still with us here on set is Helen Drew,
managing partner, CIO and of Trinity.
Just your your your thoughts on that
conversation we just had there.
>> Well, I think um it's been a huge
positive surprise for the entire AI
ecosystem. Uh in the first quarter
results, people up their capex for the
full year this year. In the second
quarter results, people up their capex
for even next year. So, you know, this
year everybody's all the hyperscalers
are spending something like 70 to 80
something billion per um per player per
year. By next year, they're all going to
be spending 100. So, you know, we're
looking at like 30 40% upward revisions
just in the last three to four months
alone, which is a huge amount of demand
uplift. And that obviously really helps
to lift sentiment um on the entire
ecosystem. Nvidia being the key player
within that ecosystem. Um but that said
um as Ross mentioned it's unclear it's
not 100% sure that all of this stuff can
get executed and delivered because there
are certainly other constraints as well
like power and other components
networking equipment and so on and so
forth. I think that's the thing that we
have to watch out for and the market's
now thinking well if the expectation has
now been marked up yet again to this
level you know when the second
derivative of expectation is very
positive then stocks perform really well
but when that second derivative becomes
flat like no more upward revisions or
eventually people start to fear any
downward revisions u looks like it's not
going to be because of GPU demand
problems but maybe downward revisions
because of you know geopolitical issues
regulatory issues or uh supply side
issues in other parts of the value chain
then that's where I think the risk for
that ecosystem comes in but for the time
being people don't see that uh supply
side constraint coming in uh imminently
maybe not until next year so it's kind
of everybody's very positive on this
entire space
>> so do you stick to the AI winners
because they've been doing quite well or
do you kind of look at something that's
not as obvious now
>> I think the key opportunities now I mean
we definitely very much believe in the
AI theme and we think the momentum is
still very strong at least for the next
six to 12 months um all the data that
you're seeing from the large lang
language models from a bottom-up
perspective are exceeding expectations
as well even on a monthly basis which is
very very impressive. So we do think
that the momentum is there. That said
the key names have done extremely well
and are relatively crowded and are not
at low valuations versus history. So the
way that we look at it would be two
opportunity sets. One would be non US
major players like the second wave or
some of the Asian players that are doing
the same thing as the US players but
trading at discounts because there's
some hair, right? you know, people are
worried about tariffs or people are
worried about the FX or some European
players doing the exact same thing as
their US counterparts but trading at
lower valuations as well. There's some
catch-up room there. The second
category, which is an even bigger
opportunity, would be if there are any
AI losers or AI neutral companies that
suddenly move into that AI winner
category, then they can see drastic
rerating in their valuation multiples
relatively quickly. But that's going to
be, you know, hard to come by. Yeah. So,
um, probably there's more companies that
accidentally fall into the AI losers
category from neutral and get derated a
lot. That's actually the bigger risk in
the near term.
>> Yet, no one's paying attention to that.
Okay. I think we'll we'll turn the
spotlight on that at some point. Maybe
next year. We don't have to worry about
it. As Helen was just pointing out,
we'll talk about it next year. But Helen
Juda will be staying with us for some
final thoughts in the next couple of
minutes or so. Right. Uh, just looking
at the approach to the open today and
wow, we're actually looking at a sizable
move in some of the big names. Alibaba
is up 3%, 10 cent is up 1 and a2, jd.com
2 1/2%. So we are looking at a rally 200
points currently on hanging index.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. 25,200 in the
Hanging Index were up 200 points. Uh we
had a look at the fix of today. Uh 713
uh 50. Uh we're looking at earnings
reaction today. Tensent music I think
MAI will be coming out at the open and
of course Tencent the approach to that.
We're up about one and a half% on shares
of 10 cent uh going into uh the session
today. BABA's up 3% and Billy Billy as
you can see is also up about 2% there.
>> Yeah, it's interesting. This is despite
the fact that what we've been hearing,
right, that Beijing has been in some
ways pressuring some of these tech
companies over their orders of Nvidia
H20 chips as well. So, looks like
investors are looking at something else
here this morning. Uh, but certainly the
earnings picture is certainly one thing
to watch though HStech did fall quite a
bit yesterday uh leading up to some of
these results. But Tens Music, there you
go. It's up 13% after those earnings
basically top estimates as well. Tencent
is coming up next as well. We're
watching Quocha Maai, of course, that
was a pretty weak print from there. In
terms of some of the chip makers, it was
that Nvidia story and what you know
Beijing has has asked some of these
companies that did lead to quite a bit
of a rally in some of these stocks as
well like SMIC, Huah Hong, maybe it
might benefit some of these local chip
makers if in fact that the government is
urging some of these companies not to do
business with Nvidia in China. So there
there that's the sort of the logic
behind that. We'll watch some of the
local ashare names coming up as well. In
terms of analyst actions, there's a lot
when it comes to Tencent Music, right?
So here's just a list of what we've been
hearing so far, but really the likes of
the ADR has been raised at City from
Daiwa as well for the eight shares, but
certainly there's been a lot of upside
here. Um and certainly maybe it bodess
well for what happens with 10 cent of
course two different companies still.
>> Yeah. Uh so the seems like we are going
into the open today with some momentum.
Uh just look at other markets as well.
We are doing well across the region
today and the weather's quite hot
though. We'll talk more about this in a
moment as well because potentially a T3
typhoon signal this time tomorrow. More
on that in a moment. Including the open.
This is the China show.
[Music]
Right. Welcome back. Um, extremely
hot and humid session out there. So, you
don't need to buy and reserve your
ticket for Burning Man this year. All
you have to do is step outside. There we
go. That's the free free one for you.
Two 200 points to the upside though on a
hanging index. A50 future 32 points. Uh,
it's quite on the data deck today in the
Asia Pacific with the except so we're
done with South Korean employment I
believe and we're coming up into a uh up
to a rate decision out of Thailand where
that's one that one's actually quite
close. So we can get to that later out
of the Bank of Thailand.
>> Yeah. So certainly one to watch here the
Bank of Thailand and uh what we're
watching west of these markets is really
kind of this slow rally that's really
turnurning in in mainland China, right?
And what Peter Alexander yesterday told
us there is this big sentiment shift
here to really lean towards more risk
especially when it comes to those
southbound flows and really the
liquidity situation is what really has
kept this 11 trillion stock market uh
staging this sort of steady resurgence
as our taking stock team and their
stocks teams have called it. You take a
look what the onshore markets are doing.
We're we're continue to see upside when
it comes to CSI 300. We're up about a
fifth of 1%. Uh right now we're watching
very closely of course what happens in
the tech space because it it it really
has been a good day when it comes to
HStech but CLA shares are doing pretty
well. Um you know qua maai that's the
big earnings disappointment there as we
were talking about you know weak
consumption and certainly the
government's campaign against austerity
has really kind of hurt the the the
liquor makers. So there you go the
shares are down 610 of 1% on shore here
this morning and that's bringing down
the likes of a little bit as well. of
the boards are watching very closely
Hong Kong. So yeah, we're getting closer
to 10-centent reporting results later on
here today. So we're still expecting, I
guess you could say, more normalized
growth uh when it comes to 10-centent
there. Obviously 2024 was a really
robust year for them. So maybe there is
a higher base here, but certainly uh a
lot of talk about what they're going to
do in terms of their AI plans, the
capacity, and the like here. And what
does this mean? the fact that Nvidia can
actually ship those 820 chips to China
now you know are they willing to
actually raise their capbacks that
certainly is going to be a big thing as
well but 10 cent shares are up 1.6% 6%
leading up to those results as well. And
really, it's the tech sector that's
really bringing things higher. 3 4%
gains for Alibaba here. And we're
watching the chip space, right? So,
China urging firms to shun Nvidia H20
chips given the security concerns here
amidst this kind of Trump pivot. Uh that
has been helping some of these local
chip makers here that like SMIC Hugh are
up another 1% or so. Cabracon
Technologies, that's actually heading
lower. No surprise there though. it
surged by the daily limit of 20% uh
yesterday on the back of that Bloomberg
scoop. So certainly that's one thing to
watch. Therefore, Tencent Music has been
doing very well. ADRs climbed from 4%
after results to top estimates as well.
Uh and so you know, City was basically
saying revenue adjusted net profit were
better than she expected as well. So
certainly that's one thing to watch. And
we have a bunch of analyst estimates
there, analyst actions in terms of
upgrading the stock this morning. And
China Lit, that one's up some 6% here
right now. So quite sizable moves uh
when it comes to China lit there.
Revenue uh was a slight well see a bit
of a slowdown there uh from a year ago
but certainly the stock is moving quite
sizably update but you're you've been
looking at 10 cent in particular the
stock price I mean obviously we we've
been talking about this rally uh for
China tech but what in particular are
you focused on today? Yeah, you know,
our our team have put out actually this
almost full preview of what it might
take for the share price to actually get
back to the all-time highs, which as
things stand about 20 25% away, that's
the blue one you see on your screen.
Now, earnings estimates uh in in yellow,
as you can see how have been bumped up
year after year to a record high. So,
the earning story remains robust. And we
put the two things together for you.
That's is effectively PE, right? Uh and
PE on a chart takes you back to 2010. uh
including your sort of sigma levels and
asing stand trading at about 17 times
earnings are actually still can we
change a chart please this one here
click thank you so much there we go
there we are 17.6 6 is still one sigma
below uh the norm as far as Tensent
goes. Now, how does this compare then to
Tencent and its global peers click?
Thank you so much. There we go. Sony,
Nintendo, Game Makers, Meta Platforms, a
bigger platform company and also Apple.
Tencent is in white 17 uh multiple in
the earlier chart. That's basically in
white below. And as you can see there,
it does show that it is trading at a
discount to at least compared to its
peers. Ivon.
>> Yeah. For more on this, uh, our very own
GD hasn't read exactly about this very
point. Uh, Genie, just tell us a bit
more about what's expected out the
earnings from 10 cent today.
>> Yes. Um, I think basically, um, when we
talk to investors, um, um, there is a
sense of optimism, you know, when we
enter into the earnings sprint. Um I
think uh one of the major thing they're
they're looking at is like how can how
those AI investment um could potentially
uh uh help boost their revenue from uh
from the for example the video accounts
um uh advertising revenue. Uh that's one
thing. I think the second thing people
are looking at is um how the gaming
pipeline looks like because uh we know
they have a uh uh flagship game to be
launched next week uh which is a a
shooting game called the Laurent mobile.
Um currently the PC version contributes
a meaningful uh portion to their gaming
revenue at the moment. So um there is a
very high expectation on you know how
the Valoran mobile version is going to
boost the 10 cents gaming revenue for
the rest of the year and also I think um
given that Chinese government they have
actually accelerated uh approving the
gaming license um so far this year. So
people are actually um keen to hear the
Tensence updates on on on their uh game
pipeline in the next um six to nine
months. So um I in general I think
people are expecting like 11% of revenue
growth uh which would be the third uh
straight quarter for Tencent to report
double digit growth in in sales growth.
So um I think um so which is really
promising to investors when we talk to
them that's why they're like many of
them are expecting like um it should be
no surprise for the share price to see
historical levels again.
Yeah, it seems from one of the comments
here in your piece, Genie, it's it's a
question of when if not and not if on on
the share price reaching that record
high. Uh what about other parts of the
business? So outside of gaming, things
like ad revenue for example, what's the
expectation there?
uh for the um for the ad spending I
think um people so first um people would
not um expect like you know um for
example those uh food delivery giants um
price wars um to you know to repeat um
in 10 cents business um and then with
the economic growth um slightly you know
um showing improving size so they're
expecting um 10 cents um as revenue is
actually kind of going to benefit and
but Having said that because um uh some
of the revenue contribution for 10 cents
ad spend actually coming from the pack
capac spending uh from companies such as
um Baba such as Muan. So if there um if
those companies that spend a lot you
know focusing on the you know investment
in the in the food delivery sector um
that means the investment in the ad
spending for platforms like Tencent
could be less. So that is one of the
things um when we talk to analysts like
they're a little bit concerned about.
>> Okay, Jeannie. Thank you so much. Genie,
you there uh with a preview of 10 cent.
Uh the other stock we're tracking very
closely. Mai is down in the early
minutes here of trading today. Um out
with earnings yesterday. Worst six-month
growth uh since at least 2016 as the
company battling couple of changing
trends. You have the austerity measures
as well that it's haven't clouding its
outlook. Ada Lee, our Bloomberg
intelligence senior analyst is here with
us to talk us through excuse me the
let's start with the crackdown on
austerity and how is it different this
time around from previous bouts of this
and how does it affect the business
>> definitely so the latest anti-extra
extravagant measure has definitely hit
China's sin good sales and that's across
tobacco alcoholic drinks and so forth
and we have seen it in the wholesale
selling prices and what we have also
seen is very interesting Anecdotal
examples such as at the latest Guel Maai
AGM instead of serving the flagship
product Fatian Maai on at the banquet
table in line with the government
measures they have surf blueberry juice.
So they are definitely following the
guidelines from the government to a tea
and that is impacting the demand from
the corporate side as well as of course
from the government side versus 2012
where there was a massive crackdown on
austerity and as well as um
anti-corruption practices. We actually
believe this time could be a little bit
milder and shorter in duration
>> and that is because firstly the demand
from the government side has already
reduced significantly since 2012 for u
premium liquor.
>> Secondly the liquor companies have also
changed from more a corporate focus to
more retail um individual consumer
focus. So they have changed the channel
as well. So consumer and channel mix
could actually help them to weather the
storm in um this year.
>> Uh what do you think is the outlook then
for the remainder of 2025? There's a lot
of talk whe they can hit their full year
targets. Do you think Ho can?
>> So for 2025 we still believe that they
are within reach for the 9% revenue
growth target that the management have
set out. But remember this 9% is
significantly lower than the previous
years of um mid- teens percentage
growth.
Yet we believe that anything beyond that
so any upside beyond that 9% is
appearing less and and less um um
probable.
>> Yeah.
>> And that is because if you look at the
austerity measure it's definitely going
to hit the near term and we believe this
could extend to year end. Secondly
consumer demand remains sluggish because
of the economic environment. And then
thirdly, what we are seeing is high in
channel inventory of BIO across the
industry. What this means is the
companies already sold these packaged
goods to the distributors but the
distributors are struggling to on sell
them to the end consumer because of
sluggish demand. So what we seeing now
since the beginning of this year is a
massive deto
brands and that could continue to impact
on demand. Hm. Okay. We'll see how much
blueberry juice is still out there.
>> I'm actually allergic to blueberry. Are
you? Yeah. That's just a random.
>> That wouldn't be good for you though.
>> Just in case someone wanted to.
>> You stick to me.
>> Yes. Yeah. Fortunately. There we go. Or
fortunately.
>> Lee, thank you. Our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst. Now joining
us for some final thoughts is Helen J,
managing partner and CIO at NFRD. It's
been a good Chinese equity rally for the
first half. A lot of it is liquidity
driven, but do you think earnings can
actually kick this rally higher? Look, I
think a lot of it has been valuation
shift, right? So, in the domestic
market, the national team has been
supporting the SOES and high dividend
yielding stocks and as the tenure
dropped to one handle, people started to
look at like dividend yielding stocks as
opposed to putting it into uh bank
deposit. And so, I think that actually
helped to uh overall rerate a large
portion of the index constituents. Um,
earnings wise, we don't have very high
expectations to be honest. Uh I think
that uh if we were looking at the second
quarter of the year certainly there's a
lot of uh concerns about what's going to
happen with the trade war uh property
prices weren't really performing very
well. So the wealth effect is not
necessarily there either. So you know
what um we were talking about earlier
with Maltai and the government uh
consumption maybe having bottom but
everybody else is not feeling that good
about you know their broader net worth
and therefore probably likely to consume
a little bit less as well. So
consumption numbers we don't expect them
to look too good. In fact, one or two
companies that have already come out
kind of guided down or even some of them
cut their dividends. So, I think it's
just kind of lukewarm. The one area
where there could be some positive
signs, not in the results in the second
quarter, but rather in the forward
guidance is some of the cyclical sectors
that are massively over capacity
because, you know, the government has
launched this new round of supply side
reform called anti-involution. You know,
do not compete too much domestically uh
when there is so much over capacity. try
not to cut prices to the bone etc. So
from that perspective there is higher
expectations regarding steel, aluminum,
solar, a lot of these sectors that were
like deep in losses and below the cost
curve. Maybe looking forward there might
be a little bit of a recovery off a very
very low base. So that's the kind of
positive surprise guidance that we're
hoping to hear from the interim result
season out of China. other potential
catalysts apart from you know what's
obvious you know we had guests earlier
on this week have told us about
valuation and liquidity that's going to
be enough for for this market to
outperform
>> if you look at the financials you look
at the telos you look at all the other s
soes right they've done very very well
already so I think the laggers are
basically cyclicals but that requires
policy support
>> and inflation
>> um which is definitely still missing
given all the massive overcapacity that
was there pre previously plus all the
tariffs that are going to cut off a
portion of the demand. So I think what
we're missing is this consumption boost.
If there's really some very meaningful
policies that can really lift
consumption and sentiment, I think that
would be the one lagging area. Uh that
shows up in consu consumer stocks but
also in internet stocks to some extent.
But right now a lot of the internet
stocks are just kind of barely growing
or growing a little bit and therefore
the valuations are nearer to historical
not trough but like midcycle, right? In
order for them to rerate, you need to
see a meaningful pickup in consumer
confidence probably led by stabilization
or even a small pickup in property
prices. That would be the leading
indicator that we would be searching
for.
>> Any upside on trade and tariffs um and
the resolution you in whatever form
that's going to come in for example
between the two.
>> I mean there's two components on the
trade related discussions with the US.
One is the tariff itself right there.
Maybe the upside surprise would be the
25% that Trump imposed for the fentinel.
If China can make a better deal with
Trump overall, then maybe there's some
justification to say, oh, you know,
they're making progress on fentinel,
therefore we will take away this 25%.
But I think more importantly, the focus
is going to be on more strategic issues,
right? So semiconductors for example,
China really really has a shortage of
GPU and therefore I actually think that
this concern about the import of H20 is
more about specific military and other
sensitive applications and customers not
the market as a whole. So if actually
the trade negotiations cut off H20
altogether that would actually be worse
versus tariffs staying in place in some
of the sectors right because there will
be adjustments exemptions and so on. So
I think the strategic issues I'm
actually watching much more closely.
>> Helen, thank you so much for spending
the the hour with us there. Helen J
there managing partner and CIO NF
Trinity. Just also mention the
Shanghel's
point there, right? Very heavily
weighted with the banking stocks and the
dividend play has been enough to lift
the benchmark now to the highest since
2021. It literally just happened the
last few seconds or so. So there we go.
30. Let's call it 3,700. Okay, let's
round up, shall we? Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're talking about China
Everrand Group now saying that his Hong
Kong stock will be delisted more than a
year and a half since trading was
suspended. Now, liquidators are also
warning that its debt load is much
greater than previously feared and it
marks the end of an era for the former
high-flying developer whose demise has
come to symbolize the country's property
bust. Let's bring in our China credit
reporter Trista Law on what this
delisting means. Yeah, I think it's a
symbolic moment for the China's property
sector, right? In some way the faith of
Arrand actually represent the you know
the ups and down of the whole sector and
right now the delisting cames is
actually means you know the the the
golden era of this whole sector has
officially gone. Um I think right now
liquidator is working around a lot of
things and um it's first time they um
pointed out that they face the the the
company could face like uh far more
deblo than previously we knew like up to
$45 billion. So previously we only knew
that it will be about uh 27.5 billion.
So it's far more than what we knew
previously. But you know it's been um
seems a year uh more than a year since
they were appointed as liquidator. So
they actually grabbed something um on
the asset sales and also they take
control of lots of subsidiary but we
need to know that it's a really large
and complicated liquidation. So we're
still at a very early stage of it.
What's what's next in that sort of it's
a parallel but separate process right
liquidation and you know can
shareholders have any now it's delisted
do they have any hope of collecting
anything
>> well at this right now this moment no
but u I think liquidator are working a
lot um on you know there are a lot of
litigation lot of trials ongoing um we
are expecting uh the trial against its
founder Hay Cayen will return back to
court in September and it's very crucial
uh trial for the liquid creditor and for
the whole creditors cuz uh it founder Hi
Cayenne is actually holding um 60% of
the company before it collapsed and uh
still right now um and also it has
pockets more than 7 billion um over the
past decades due to uh the company's
general paid out so there are a lot of
things going on a lot of factors moving
but um so we are following really close
on this case
>> uh there was an interesting line from
the FT talking a little bit more about
Hong Kong's commercial property loans
and that it's really hit the likes of
HSBC. They're marking about 73% of its
commercial real estate loans are as
impaired or risky, which is quite a bit
of a size up from just a year ago. What
what can you tell us on where things
stand now on that front?
>> Yeah, I think this is aligned with what
we have reported earlier and what we see
in the market. So there's um it's a very
clear signal that uh the potential risk
of those commercial real estate loan in
Hong Kong overall is like increased a
lot. Um and I think the HSBC situation
is mainly uh because of uh Hongen bank
is like subsidiary and we know that the
non-performing loan for Hansen stood at
60.7% the highest ever. So um that's why
we have we can see a lot of loans have
been defaulted and banks have been
appointed receiver more to take over the
underlying asset and they're even want
to uh willing to sell the underlying
asset the big loss. So those are those
you know real things happening right now
in Hong Kong.
>> Trista thank you so much uh Trista
Senior Law there of course our China
credit reporter on what's going on
there. By the way, in in the next hour
of the China Show, we'll dig deeper into
the other big stories here in Hong Kong,
including this revival of the
fundraising markets, which clearly
hasn't affected what's taking place in
the property market. Yeah, lots of new
ones there. Plenty more ahead. There's a
rally taking place as I speak across
equity markets. This is the China Show.
[Music]
Some stories that we're following for
you today. China rape seed futures
jumped after Beijing said it's hitting
Canadian imports with a 76% duty from
August 14th after an anti-dumping
ruling. It escalates a trade fight
that's already seen Beijing slap 100%
tariffs on canola oil. The Canola
Council of Canada says the move will
effectively close a Chinese market that
was worth almost $3 billion US last
year. Bloomer's been told that India and
China could resume direct passenger
flights as soon as next month in a move
towards resetting political ties.
Flights between key cities were
suspended after the co pandemic, forcing
travelers to transit through hubs such
as Hong Kong or Singapore. Sources say a
formal announcement could come at the
Shanghai Cooperation Summit later on
this month. Right. Uh just looking at
markets right now, 24 minutes into the
cash market session, Shanghai Composite
ever so slowly has inched its way back
and we're here now at a 4-year high and
as you can see it's reversed now
virtually all of its losses from 2021
and right above a little bit above the
current level we will be hitting if it
continues of course the current
trajectory hitting the highest level
here uh going back about 10 years or so
and that's also coincided with a pickup
again in margin lending. Yes. So the
animal spirits are largely back, not
completely. Uh couple of other things
we're tracking here. Battery component
stocks on the back again of some supply
side uh push uh coming from the
government there. We're up 9% on an HU
Anfu battery uh technology and other
things taking place across these
markets. The benchmarks, there we go.
Hanging edex up 1%. There's a big rally
taking place across tech. HS Techch on
your screens as well. Top row, left most
side. CI300's also catching a strong bid
and yeah there's well yesterday this
subsidy for loans boosting consumption I
think that came out towards a close
yesterday and possibly in the next hour.
>> There's a press briefing happening in
just a few minutes from the likes of
PBOC uh and co talking a little bit more
about maybe this consumer loan subsidy
plan. So maybe we'll hear a bit more at
the top of the hour. Robin Shane from
Morgan Stanley joins us too.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. More importantly, there is a
typhoon that's coming. Typhoon 3 set to
embar possibly on Thursday. But although
it's blue skies right now, so enjoy it
while last, guys, right? But then again,
markets don't care about that, right?
We're still seeing a pretty decent rally
here in Hong Kong today, Dave.
>> Yeah. Uh maybe similar dynamic. That's
liquidity, which is the uh intersection
between those two things. Uh 1% to the
upside in the hanging index. Uh we're
very close as well on some other
benchmarks. We'll talk about a shahen
composite in a moment here. But a quick
glance at some of the other things. By
the way, before I mention the other
things, just to mention that in a couple
of minutes, we are expecting a policy
briefing coming through out of mainland
China. Maybe more details on some of the
pronouncements over the last few uh one
or two days or so. Right, very quickly.
So on the trade tariffs and not everyone
getting along front, the number one is
Japan has started investigations into
anti-dumping duties here from Chinese
and Korean steel goods. That's why we
have some of the steel makers on your
screens including of course POSCO uh
separately rape scene rape seed meals up
4.3%. This is China imposing temporary
tariffs on Canadian rape scene after an
investigation there. So, we're looking
at gains 4%.
>> Canola oil.
>> We learn something every day. Um, yeah,
the rest of the markets are doing this
year right now. Japan still extending
those record gains that we saw um that
we're seeing in Japan. So, another day
of that. Uh there you go. Taipei is
doing very well as well. Indonesia's
coming online and doing okay. So,
there's this risk rally is definitely
very broad-based across the region here
today. Uh maybe it was the inflation
print obviously maybe gave the green
light, possibly a bit of breathing room
for the Fed to really tackle more about,
you know, the weaker jobs data. Maybe
they can in fact cut in September now.
That seems to be the narrative right
now, D.
>> Yeah, that's the EM tailwinds coming
through in a weaker dollar as well,
right? And I think Indonesia, I think
case in point, had the best day in four
months yesterday. Taiwan is very close
now to an all-time high. And I think
Korea's within about five or 6% uh from
that similar superlative, but yes, I
mean, as we were just pointing out,
right, can we now breathe easy and can
we now just cement these expectations
that the Fed will will likely cut next
month?
>> No, Scott Besson said even 50 basis
points could happen in consider the
revisions.
>> If they actually had the revisions back
then in June, July, they probably would
have cut. That's what Scott Besson says.
But then again, the market still seems
to think maybe September is a sure bet.
We're still talking about two more cuts
possibly this this year
>> right now. But then again, there was
still the whole side of tariff pass
through. You know, you got to wonder why
was there a slowdown and actually the
tariff pass through this time around?
>> Anna Wong from Bloomber Economics says,
"Look, maybe we saw a lot of that pass
through already in the previous months
as well. Consumers are starting to push
back against some of these tariff
increases as Well, so certainly maybe
that might not be what we should focus
on, but really it is about services
inflation that seems to be making a bit
of a return, but they're still expecting
right core PCE in July that happens I
think in a few days.
>> That could be something that we need to
really watch for. If it's a hotter
print, that leaves a September rate cut
far from assured. They're saying not
quite a short bet.
>> Not quite 100%. Yeah. Which is a good
reminder that there are a lot of um
potentially consequential data points
coming up, right? Right. So I think PC
to your point ends
>> retail sales we have a few weeks of
course of initial jobless games GDP
numbers ISM another crucial job support
coming up as well. So yeah nothing is
certain uh in life is certain at least
there's your sort of ad advice for the
day. Uh Tencent Holdings uh a stock
we've been tracking earnings are coming
out today. We're very close to
when I say very close we're we're now
within let's call it a good year or so
from maybe revisiting record highs as
far as that is concerned. So right now
we're looking at 2.4% to the upside
highest level now going back three no
four years out June 2 of 2021 as far as
tens goes and we'll see what the what
the earnings look like and I think we do
have this briefing.
>> Yeah. So this is a quite a group of of
officials here. We're talking about the
Ministry of Finance, the People's Bank
of China and other administrative uh
agencies are briefing. Now, this is on
the back what we heard, right? There was
this uh consumer loan subsidy uh for uh
Beijing interest subsidy for consumer
loans. So, obviously that's something
that could aid the banks for one thing
according to our economists as well. Um
but certainly we'll see, right? We're
starting to see more of this sort of
consumption stimulus coming through
whether it's you know child care
subsidies or the like. And so that
certainly is one thing that a lot of
economists are still looking into as
maybe potential more meaningful stimulus
on that front.
>> Now we had the perfect guest to in fact
help us understand what this might mean
for certain uh product categories.
Morgan Stanley's Robin Shane will be
joining us of course to talk us through
not just this but his broader take on on
the economy. Uh while this is taking
place, we'll get you more details on
this in a moment. something else also
hitting a milestone as far as markets go
which is the Shanghai composite
um has now virtually reversed all the
losses from the 2121 peak. So top line
is the price, bottom line is the draw
down and as we get closer to zero and
that that basically tells you we are
back to the highest uh levels in about
four years. Beyond that is of course
2015 territory. We have a fantastic
piece today on the terminal for our
clients. It's also on the website as
well talking about how this quiet 11
trillion market has come back despite a
lack of obvious major catalyst. You have
mainland households of course coming in
and turning their equities turning to
equities for better returns. You have
low rates, low yields um helping push
some parts of the equity market higher.
Joining us to talk us through this is
Abashek Krishna, of course, our senior
equities reporter out of Singapore.
Yeah, Abashek, what is going on? What is
the what is the main crux here of
today's piece?
>> Well, like I said, you know, it's a
liquiditydriven rally. Now, you know, it
has been a quiet resurgence, but it
wasn't so quiet last year. Um, you know,
we saw significant jump in markets. This
year's gains, meanwhile, you know, can
be said quieter. And uh you know the
reason that our reporting uh you know uh
is showing is that liquidity is
increasing is improving on all counts.
You know you talk about uh investor
liquidity uh you know allocations have
started coming in from high-risisk funds
and this is just a start as this as they
put it. Small caps have started
rallying. We are also seeing uh
significant improvement in other
measures of investor liquidity and um um
while the story doesn't talk about it
but if you look at M1 M2 you know a
broader system liquidity as well which
correlates nicely with any kind of uh
risk asset that is also done pretty well
over the last 3 to four months. So um
all in all this is feeding into equity
markets and there's um you know there's
a huge amount of household savings which
are beginning to get channelized into
into the stock market. So you know the
outlook is of more upside. Um but um at
the same time you know um the earnings
outlook the economic outlook is still
remains um you know sort of a to be sure
kind of point which checks the story. Uh
the optimism definitely remains on on
expanding valuations for China because
they remain cheap. uh if earnings also
come through which we'll see today you
know from the likes of Tencent and maybe
JD.com uh you know by the end of this
week then uh this story would get more
credits.
>> Yeah. And and what is the take from the
analyst that you talked to right you
know does it need an earnings recovery
economic you know fundamentals to
improve to to really keep this rally
going or can it can can it still rally
on just liquidity alone?
M
>> see liquidity would drive any market
over the medium-term. Earnings are
required for the long term. Now you know
cycles have shortened but long-term
would still be 3 years, medium-term
would still be a year to two years. So
you know the rally can keep going for a
few more quarters but um you know
earnings returns as a lot of empirical
studies have shown in past you know
equates to how stock markets should be
uh you know generating returns. what
kind of return stock market should be
generating. So they still remain of
great importance. But having said that
look um China is not alone in this
rally. I mean you guys were just talking
about Taiwan, Indonesia
um you know US has hit a record high. So
you know a a cheap major market tied to
a very major economy pivoting uh to
domestic consumption and uh you know
doing efforts to revive its economy is
definitely going to play catch-up. So
the setup looks really good whether you
compare it with the world or just
China's internal fundamentals.
>> All right, Abashek, thank you. Abashek
Vishnoy there, our senior Asia Equities
reporter joining us out of Singapore.
Take you back to those live pictures out
of Beijing here this morning with the
likes of the MOF, the PBOC and other
administrative agencies briefing the
media on the interest subsidy plan to
cut financing costs for service sector
firms and boost domestic consumption. So
that's what we're hearing so far. Uh but
we are actually seeing some market
reaction, right? Some some of these
retailers are actually benefiting from
it today.
>> Yeah. Department store shares is one
group that we're seeing almost limit up
in some cases. They're also seeing some
healthcare stocks really benefiting from
this. Just effectively think if you take
a personal loan out where would you take
that money and where would you use that
money? So the benefit it seems and just
looking at the headlines you will get
more details on this is really a
government subsidy on the interest
payment if the consumer loan is eligible
to come under that. So again this not so
much to bring up anti-involution right
but it's a subsidy really to bring down
the cost of consuming in this case of
course slight personal leverage to be
able to afford of course uh personal
goods and daily daily daily things
>> set to take effect September of this of
this year. So, it's coming up soon.
They're talking about the subsidy
applies to loans under 50,000 remmbb for
consumption as well as designated big
ticket items as well that are over 50
grand. So, that includes likes of autos,
education, healthcare
>> as well. So, that's what we're hearing.
Um, and it is involving a lot of these
major stateowned banks, some commercial
banks, and also some licensed consumer
finance institutions, including like a
we bank and an are the approved lenders.
So, yeah, we're hearing a little bit
more about this plan so far.
>> Yeah. And does that lead to more
personal loans getting taken out and is
that a boon for business on the banking
side which is the other sector I guess
we need to be talking about as well.
Anyway, we will leave this here for now.
More details coming and of course coming
up as well to help us understand maybe
what this might mean for the the path of
the consumer coming back. Morgan
Stanley's Robin Shing will be joining us
in a couple of minutes to help us
understand where we are on the economic
recovery.
[Music]
All
right, we're watching the retail sector,
the consumer healthc care space in
particular that are rallying here this
morning on the back of this government
announcement, a plan to subsidize
interest payments on eligible personal
consumer loans. So you see the likes of
Hobe department store for example is up
some 10% here right now. Now the subsidy
what we're learning about it is that it
applies to loans under 50,000 yen for
consumption as well as for big ticket
items such as autos education and
healthcare. We'll see what this all
means. Morgan Stanley perfect timing is
here. They see this as potentially
beneficial to Chinese consumer
healthcare stocks in particular. Robin
Shing their chief China economist at
Morgan Stanley is here to react to this.
Um how big of a stimulus do you think
this could be?
>> Well, if you take a step back connecting
the dots, this is a part of their
journey to gradually towards
consumption. So you heard so much about
anti- evvolution in last two months. But
we know to do this anti- evvolution just
based on supply cleanup is not enough.
You have to boost the demand and so far
we have seen so many small steps but the
right direction the fertility support
about 100 billion UN the free preschool
education another 30 billion UN and the
most recent one today's announcement of
the subsidy on consumer loan so
connecting the dots they are gradually
shifting towards consumption that's
definitely positive for the macro
narrative
>> I can't help but think when someone
mentions personal loans right it's
almost up to the consumer what to do
with that money and you know I think
part of what they mentioned here it big
ticket items autos are part of that you
could also take a personal out and put
it in the stock market right if you
think about it it's almost subsidizing
the cost of putting your money in the
stock market what do you make of what
consumer behavior is right now what are
people doing with their money in China
which to some extent has gone into the
equity market what does that tell you
about consumer behavior
>> yes David you mentioned the very new but
very important factor liquidity is in
driver's seat and talking about
consumers they put so much money in the
term deposit in the last three four
years but right now China's long-term
rates are very low liquidity is quite
abandoned we see some early signs beat
institutions like lifers as the managers
or consumers they are gradually shifting
away from bond or term deposits into
equity linked exposure so this is still
early but it's
However, this is more about
liquiditydriven
grind higher for the equity market. Uh
in the Chinese investors dictionary,
they call it a water buffalo. So
slightly different from conventional
fundamental driven bull market. The
fundamental wise reality check is not
great. Um deflation is here to stay and
the data will be soft in the second
half. We had too much front loing of
exports of fiscal impulse in the first
half. So second half we will see
paybacks. That's why I think it's very
important to see can they combine the
supply side cleanup and evolution with
demand stimulus and these small steps
they are small but moving in the right
direction. So I think uh Ivon and David
you you have had me here maybe three or
four times since late last year.
um first September period 2024 they
started to tackle the deflation directly
then January February this year the
so-called comeback of animal spirit
Jackm's back um this deep sick moment
>> then this summer enter
if you are cynical you can say these are
not a game changer these are only baby
steps on the shooting but every round it
helps the narrative on China keeps in
evolving keeps improving. So connecting
the dots I think is definitely
definitely positive.
>> I I I want to get your take on you still
think though despite what we're hearing
on anti-involution that your base case
of persistent deflation is going to here
to stay into 2026.
>> Why why what are you seeing? I mean
we're seeing prices come up in the
upstream side of things. Where else how
does this all play out in terms of
inflation
>> or lack of thereof? Anti-evolution means
try to put an end to destructive
competition. So the aims are clear. Uh
stopping this uh subsidy races, try to
allocate more efficiently and try to um
gradually tilt towards consumption. But
this is not 2016. In 2016, supply side
reform achieved a big success because it
was only in upstream sector. Over
capacity was only in steel coal a few
upstream stateowned sectors. Today's
pressure sits in downstream sector
private new economy sector. So it's much
more complex. You can't do a mandate of
cutting capacity. You have to do it in a
measured market first move and that
means you have to be patient and right
now they there are a lot of rhetorics
but the rhetorics turns into rules at
least several months lag. So we have to
be patient. I'm not changing our PPI or
CPI forecast for the rest of this year,
but within 12 months, if they can use
the fourth plenum in late October this
year to address some of these
fundamental problems like try to set up
a unified uh national market, shifting
the tax system towards a one that
rewards efficiency and income, and
change the local government incentives
from rewarding output to rewarding
household. hold the well-being. If they
use five-year plan in the fourth plenum
to address these issues, I think finally
uh these pieces fall into place. This
story will upgrade from a so-called
water buffalo into a fundamental driven
reflation.
>> The issue as you point out is markets
can be impatient every now and then. You
know, markets tend to move quicker than
the economy and in this specific case
likely going to move quicker than the
inflation print comes out. So, you have
a fantastic diagram here. I wish I could
show this to viewers here of just help
us understand what the base case
reflation path looks like. What is a
durable exit from deflation here and
when do we get to that point?
>> Three signs. First is um price
indicators broadening firm not just the
the upstream PPI. Upstream is easier.
You can do consolidation among SOE's but
it's about the downstream PPI and the
core services CPI. So that's number one.
Number two is um corporate profits and
wages inching up. So people start to
find a good jobs because firms start to
hire. Last but not least, consumption as
percentage of GDP going up because
social safety net is being deepened
covering more and more migrant workers
and farmers. So people feel safer to
spend. That's the three signs to judge
if this is a success for China's anti-
evvolution.
>> Okay, so that's the path to reflation.
Um, what's the path to tariffs? I mean,
we're starting to get more of these
trade deals between the US and North
Asia and maybe parts of the region here.
We're still waiting for some sort of
trade deal with China, but it seems like
we're seeing lower tariffs for the rest
of the world versus China. Is China
going to end up in a weaker position in
all of this? Well, I do agree with you
uncertainties is here to stay and this
extension of the um US China truth is a
pause not a peace.
>> Um so if you look at the global endpoint
tariffs they are drifting up and the
tariff on China as you said is higher
than most other trading parts. This
means in the first half of the year you
got too much front-loaded exports but
the keywords for the second half will be
paybacks not mentioning this tariff
uncertainty will probably on global
capex so China's exports is going to
flatten and that external tailwind is
going to convert into headwind in the
second half for economic activities but
will US and China go back to that
prohibitive embargo level of escalation
back in April. That's very unlikely. Um
the US reliance on Chinese supply chain
is real and Beijing has been playing the
real earth card. So I think yes there
could be some bumps but a complete
breakdown is unlikely.
>> One view that's emerged this week was
>> you know Chinese exports will find their
way into a market. I'll use your analogy
on water. Water will find its way right.
And I wonder what your view is on find.
There might be payback on the US front,
but at some point those exports are
going to find another market for them
>> because they're still cheaper.
>> Because they're still cheaper and
better.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. I saw a great chart from you guys
on, you know, the Chinese exports to
different regions to the US is down to
AIN and a lot of other regions went up
showing the evidence of trans
shshipment, right? So it's up to
corporates how they navigate this tariff
and uncertainties with their own
resilience and diversification of supply
chain. But for Chinese jobs for Chinese
output um if you have trans shship
shipment is still bad for the Chinese
own jobs and output right because that
basically means you have to at least
allocate a bit more of your process of
manufacturing in other countries to
avoid further tariffs. So I think China
need to focus on domestic consumption
and all these enter in evolution need to
be combined with uh uh clean up in the
supply side plus demand stimulus. That's
the only way to address all these global
uncertainty on tariffs.
>> Yeah. Fix your house right? Thank you so
much. Fantastic. Robin Shing, chief
China economist at Morgan Stanley. On
Robin's point there, of course, this
ongoing briefing in Beijing uh on the
more measures to boost consumption. And
just to mention also the Taiwan stock
market separately has hit uh the highest
level pretty much on records. We were
within 1% at the open. We're basically
there as we speak.
>> Well, we're seeing Australia record
highs, Japan's in record highs. Taipei
>> uh joining the frey there. Uh for more
on this of course ongoing briefing and
Beijing for Bloomberg subscribers. You
can keep watching it on live go. You
also find the big diary entries coming
up today and later on this week as well
as some of the events you may have
missed earlier. We got plenty more
ahead. This is moon birth.
[Music]
All right, Taylor. When it comes to the
market check, it is a good day to be
long on equities here. Right now we are
seeing uh records being hit potentially
in Taipei. Japan's looking pretty good.
Australia right now we're 810 1% to the
upside on MXAP here right now. And yeah,
Indonesia had a really good few sessions
as well as well. We're up 910 1% in
Jakarta here right now. Uh a lot of it
has to do with maybe the inflation print
and the US and how it was pretty market
friendly there. So basically stocks were
a buy, dollar was down. So that really
is helping the EM complex here today.
And we still got earnings out of China
to tell you about 10 cent. There you go.
We're up 2.4% 4% here ahead of those
results coming through and HStech is
doing very well today.
>> Yeah. Um lots of stars are aligning
including this latest one coming through
out of Beijing, the uh more support and
subsidies for personal loans. More on
that in a moment. The market's doing
well this Wednesday. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We're going into
the Japanese lunch break where the Niki,
if you're wondering when was the last
time you saw the Nikki at 4330. And a
moment in time comes back to your head.
You're imagining it because the NIK has
never been at this level. Uh 433 on the
Nike 225, 1.4% to the upside. Has been a
stellar week. It was shut Monday,
reopened yesterday. Uh fireworks all
about and of course further gains today.
the tailwinds coming through out of the
US weaker than expected CPI on most
things not core CPI maybe providing the
tailwinds here it's not just Japan
that's doing well the rest of the region
and separately China's doing well uh
maybe on the back of point number one we
just made but also some of the
idiosyncratic domestic policy
pronouncements that we're just hearing
from as we speak all things equal M Asia
Pacific is now at 212 which means we're
about five or 6% from reaching all-time
highs on that uh we're focusing on Hong
Kong now and here's a recap of some of
the recent stories and headlines coming
through here as it pertains to Hong
Kong. You might have seen this, the FT
reporting almost 73%
of HSBC's Hong Kong commercial property
loans have been flagged as risky. Now,
developers including New World have been
in focus of much of the stress here in
the local real estate market. Hong
Kong's rents, office rents specifically,
have fallen over 20% since 2022, and
vacancy rates are at record highs.
Meanwhile, the city's rental housing
market is expected to hit record highs
by October, fueled by this influx of
mainland Chinese students. And we'll get
to this other bit in a moment.
Professionals, according to online
property listing for uh platform
Spacious, rents in July were up more
than 1% from the previous month. Rents
are now just 2.2% below their 2019 peak.
>> Yeah. And you got to wonder, right? You
know, rents are high, but maybe because
people are not buying. This is still a
property market that is still on the
weaker side and that's despite the fact
that we're seeing equity markets are
roaring. The IPO market in Hong Kong is
certainly coming back to life as well.
Where is that wealth effect? That
certainly is one of the key questions
we're watching out in the big take here
today. But we're focusing a little bit
more on the IPO market, right? And
really why it's been roaring thanks to a
growing number of companies raising
billions of dollars. And as you can see
from this chart, it has mostly been
driven by mainland Chinese firms that
are raising money here in the city,
right? So whether it's in an IPO, we
talk about uh different types of
commercial bonds and the like that
they've been issuing as well. But you
take a look at right and you stack up
how Hong Kong Exchange has done since
the start of this year amid this listing
boom and it is by far one of the best
Hong Kong exchanges in the world if you
connect compare it to likes of Euronex,
Brazil, TMX, the like here. So certainly
there's a lot of questions about this,
right? And then again, the narrative
seems to be changing a lot, not just the
makeup of some of these companies, but
really kind of the narrative about Hong
Kong itself. Before it was seen as a
global financial hub and maybe, you
know, the world's sort of bridge into
China. Now things have shifted a little
bit. Right now it seems like it is this
sort of capital raising platform for
Chinese companies that want to develop
and expand abroad. Dave?
>> Yeah. In fact, you know, let me read one
line from this fantastic piece that's
come out. It's risking the backlash from
Washington politicians. This is a really
good line. Who are increasingly
questioning where Hong Kong ends and
China begins. This is the big take
today. Certainly the subject of a very
interesting comprehensive topic. Let's
bring in our Asia equity capital markets
reporter part of the team that came up
with this fantastic piece today. Julia
Ferretti is here with us on set to talk
us through. Let's start with the basics.
what's be been behind we know about this
deal surge what's been behind it
>> um so so there are a number of reasons
and the overriding reason is largely
that China has opened the sort of the
regulatory um sort of not floodgates but
they've sort of allowed offshore
listings again and they're really
encouraging them in Hong Kong and that
coupled with obviously the 24% rise in
the hang hen index um increased investor
optimism over China that was partly um
propelled started by Deepseek back in
January um and a sort of a um resurgence
of confidence in in the Chinese economy
despite the ongoing challenges and
that's really helped Chinese companies
come to Hong Kong and tap the market
here and and raise funds and so that's
why we've seen this resurgence of deal
activity this year which also started
late last year.
>> How do you see this different than
what's happened back in 2021 for
example?
>> Well, back in 2021 it was pretty
different. And it was um firstly it was
a global deals bonanza in a way. The
interest rates were basically at zero
because of the pandemic back then. Um so
there was just a lot of free money in
the system and that kind of helped um
drive listing activity globally and that
that's still a record year obviously. Um
whereas this time it's it's different.
Obviously interest rates are not at
zero. It's less of a global phenomenon
and more sort of one driven by China.
The types of companies that we're seeing
are also very different. that was proper
IPOs by private companies um often tech
big large tech firms and that's sort of
not really what we've been seeing now
it's mostly so-called ashare to h share
listings by companies which are already
listed on the mainland exchanges
>> the the entire ecosystem seems like it's
operating at I mean capacity right and I
think one graphic here on your on the
piece here is you know bankers are back
you know the number of licenses are have
been have been trending higher we're
going to show the graphic in a moment uh
bankers, lawyers, you guys covering this
part are extremely busy as well. Just
give us some context. How busy are
things relatively speaking these days?
>> It definitely feels as busy or the
busiest since 2021 um in terms of the of
how busy the bankers are, what the the
kinds of deals, the number of deals, the
volumes that we're seeing. Um there is
also some selective hiring across the
street that is it's still not quite at
the levels we saw back in 2021. is still
mostly focused on on more junior roles,
but um I think in the piece we have uh
Kirkland is selectively hiring and
others as well. So there's definitely um
obviously after all the layoffs in the
recent years because of the slump in
deals, the banks have come into this
year with a um a smaller workforce
obviously and now that the deal activity
has really ramped up, they're looking to
hire to sort of be able to cope with
this workload. Um although it's still as
I said rather selective
>> there. There's also the geopolitics
involved as well. But you bring it back
to CL when JP Morgan and JP Diamond were
questioned by US lawmakers on their
involvement in that listing. I mean,
tell us a bit more about the risks to US
banks.
>> Well, that deal is quite emblematic in a
way of the risks. Um, so Bank of America
and JP Morgan were questioned. They were
they were pressured to drop off the
deal, which they didn't do in the end.
Um, Jamie Diamond publicly defended
their decision to work on it. Um but it
certainly shows that there is a lot of
political pressure that Hong Kong is
still in at way at the fault line
between uh China and the US and the
tensions whilst they sort of eb and flow
depending on um the relations between
the leaders there is still there is
still some tension back uh bubbling
obviously there's there are economic um
e there's economic competition whether
it's between for AI and semiconductors
and so that we're seeing that as well um
and So whilst the global banks are doing
well in this in this deal boom, they do
still face um potential pressure from
from Washington and that's not really
going to go away anytime soon.
>> Fantastic piece. You can check that out
and a big takeover for a Bloomberg
client Julia Ferretti there Asia equity
capital markets reporter. Just to
mention as well without going into
details here we have a very big
interview coming up in two weeks time.
So stay tuned for that. I will leave
that and just plant that seed on this
very topic. dispensing. All right. Yeah,
it's coming up. It's a big one. I tell
you that. All right. We got another big
interview coming up as well. Trade, of
course, is a center of the US China
rivalry that's putting Hong Kong's
dealmaking boom at risk. And speaking of
trade tensions, the White House senior
counselor for trade and manufacturing
says companies outside the US will end
up paying most for President Trump's
tariffs. Peter Navaro told Bloomberg he
doesn't trust the latest Goldman Sachs
research that says Americans will end up
bearing about twothirds of the cost.
uh they're saying well it's either the
consumers are going to eat it with
inflation or the or the producers are
going to eat it. But the third
possibility is the one which actually
historically shows is the case.
>> The reason why we're not seeing
inflation because of the tariffs is
because it's the foreign countries that
are eating the tariffs. Why do they do
that? Foreign countries, the big ones we
run the big trade deficits with, we are
their biggest market. Okay? If they
can't sell to us, they're in trouble.
>> Do they pay it by giving it to their
companies or how do they
>> their companies have to eat it?
>> Where's the check?
>> The companies earn earn less profits at
the expense of uh you know, we we win,
they lose. And the way
>> Goldman research on that, right? It got
the president pretty upset today.
Goldman found according to its research
that consumers in the US have absorbed
about 22% of tariff costs, businesses
64%. You're saying that's just not true.
the the only the only uh entity which
has less respect in terms of their data
than the BLS these days is Goldman
Sachs. I mean, think about it, Joe. It's
like the advantage I have is I was here
during the first term of Donald Trump
>> and everybody was saying that we were
going to have this wild out of control
inflation. The Wall Street Journal
personally twice in lead editorial said
there was going to be a Navaro recession
because of tariffs. this never happened.
And Goldman Sachs was one of the big
voices that was always doing the panic
and inflation kind of thing. I just
don't trust their numbers.
>> And the reason why the American public
shouldn't trust their numbers is because
their numbers are usually wrong. And I
had to fight, interestingly enough, in
the first term, the first guy who was
the National Economic Council director
was Gary Con. He he was a Goldman Sachs
guy, right? He's the guy that Hassid
does the job
now beautifully. But I had to fight Con
every day when he was there because he
kept saying, "Mr. President, Mr.
President, these tariffs are bad.
They're going to cost consumers. They're
going to slow everything down."
>> They never did. And Con left with his
tail between the legs because he was
always wrong. But the point, Joe, is you
trust your eyes. Trust your eyes.
And that was Peter Navaro, White House
senior counselor for trade and
manufacturing with of course our
colleague Joe Matthew there in in the
United States. Right. Really on this
topic, right? So, President Trump's
tariff policy was meant at least on some
level to rebalance global power in
America's favor. Reason I frame it that
way is certainly he's getting a lot more
wins in terms of being able to bring in
uh some of the money there. But
certainly the bigger picture on trade
here u our Bloomberg opinion columnist
Karishma Vashwani actually thinks that
China is enduring all this short-term
economic pain to eventually shape any
deal or any trade deal to its eventual
advantage. Karishma in fact joins us
right now. Karishma, good morning.
Thanks for joining us. Uh China's
winning the long game as you say. Why do
you think that's the case?
Well, David, I think, as we've talked
about before on your program, the fact
that China has been able to go through
these various rounds of trade
negotiations with the United States
without giving them up much in terms of
actual concessions. You know, there have
been sort of small compromises made, but
very far away from American demands. And
and what's resulted uh from the outcome
of these negotiations is just a
commitment to simply talk again. And and
what that does, David, is it gives more
time to the Chinese Communist Party to
go ahead and make plans for what it's
going to do with the slowing economy. As
you talked about, of course, uh it is a
very precarious trade position in China.
The economic picture is pretty bleak,
but it does allow the Chinese and in
particular President Cinping to lay out
a plan for the country and to figure out
how to become more self-reliant in the
face of these higher tariffs that the US
has threatened to impose on China.
>> Okay. You mentioned that the
self-reliance sort of theme. So tell us
a bit more about that and how this delay
will actually help China.
Well, you know, the Chinese have been on
this path of self-reliance for some time
as as uh as you well know, Ivonne and
one of the interesting things in the
research that I did for this column was
looking through the details of a RAND uh
that's a think tank, a RAND research
report that looked at the areas where
China is pushing ahead in terms of this
self-reliance. Now obviously in order to
do that it does need access to a degree
of high-end American technology. But
what this research report and many
people that I've talked to have said to
me is that the innovative push within
China particularly in the tech sector
has been uh accelerated as a result of
the pressure that it's getting from the
United States. So ironically, the more
time that Cinping has in terms of the
delaying of any concrete trade
negotiation, the more time he gets to be
able to accelerate that push of
self-reliance. And it's a very
compelling argument to citizens at home.
Uh the narrative that's quite well worn
by now in terms of the fact that the US
and the West is trying to keep China
down. And it's this idea that the
country has to rally together. It has to
endure this bitterness and pain in the
short term to get long-term results.
>> Yeah. So, Karishma, the if time is on
your side, and I think you've you've
also alluded to this as well that when
you look at staterun commentary, this
you know, the the philosophy of a
protracted war, for example, that uh I
think was in some ways evident, for
example, during the Mao era to help get
through this trade war. What does that
mean in in today's context?
>> Yeah. Well, I found this really
interesting. Uh this kind of language
started creeping up a few months ago in
commentary from state money state-run
media, I should say. And and what it's
alluding to is this essay uh that uh
emerged during the Mao era called a pro
protracted war when it was espousing the
fact that the Chinese would have to
fight and sort of hold their ground
against a much more powerful and
stronger uh competitor. And this kind of
language is now being used to describe
the strategy that China should use with
regards to the trade war. And you hear
this time and time again, David. And
what I think it shows or what I think it
displays about the Chinese resolve to
withstand the impact of this trade war
is they're in it for the long haul,
right? They are willing to take on the
pain of what happens to the economy in
the short term because they have uh sort
of propagated this idea that being in
this and enduring it together is what's
going to get them victory in the end.
And that is a victory they're willing to
wait for.
Well, patience is a virtue as they say,
right? Karishma, thank you so much.
Karishma Vaswani, our Bloomberg opinion
columnist there. You can read, by the
way, uh on a rumor terminal for our
clients here, uh Keshall, among many
other things. If you want the audio
visual version, uh there's one in TV go
of course you can scroll back and catch
the glimpses of course of the highlights
from uh this conversation we just had
there with Karishma. other functions you
can be uh that we bring up here in shows
and yeah obviously if you want to be
part of the conversation do send us
instant messages as well you know how to
reach us TV go this is Bloomberg
[Music]
Well, hundreds of residents poured on
the streets in Jang Yo now in the
southwestern province of Sichuan in
China last week and clashing with police
officers. And the protest was sparked by
anger over police handling of a case of
a school girl attack that was
circulating on social media. Let's bring
in our China correspondent Milo to bring
us up to speed about this story.
Yeah. So, it started on August 2nd when
this video started circulating online
and it showed this school girl for 14
year old girl who was being attacked by
multiple other girls. It was extremely
brutal. She was kneeling on the floor
and they were kicking her repeatedly
from the back, from the front. They were
slapping her verbally abusing. And it's
it's so hard to watch. I actually
couldn't bring myself to finish that
video. But it's a very painful video and
it sparked a lot of um outrage online.
People were concerned about how
authorities would respond. And it took
over a day for the public security
bureau to respond. And they said that
the victim's injuries were mild. Two of
the attackers were being asked to
undergo uh corrective education. And I
think people were up in arms about how
about the characterization of the
victim's injuries because it was very
clearly not mild. Here you can see the
social media footage of um the clashes
with police because soon hours after
that official statement came out, people
started surrounding the local government
building. Uh and it just gathered
momentum and by the evening there were
hundreds of people there. The police
were out with the batons and were you
know manhandling uh some of the
protesters and taking at least a few
away according to the videos that we
have seen.
>> Yes. Um it's rare to see this right a
sort of protest uh in China. It brings
me back to what we saw during you know
the co zero lockdowns uh also when it
came to that um during the housing
crisis and the like there. But certainly
can you tell us more about whether this
is an isolated incident or not?
>> Yeah as you said we do see protests
quite often in China but usually it's
tied to economic events. It would be you
know property disputes or employment
disputes. It's actually quite rare to
see protests related to social justice.
In this case, it was revealed that the
mother was deaf. So, it really heightens
that sense of inequality. Um, and it's
not isolated in the sense that in the
last couple of months, there have been a
few big incidents. There was a lead
poisoning case in a kindergarten in
Gansu province. And then there was this
case in Huno where there were brown
liquid coming out of bath water taps.
And it took a while for the stateowned
water company to respond. And in both of
these cases, not that there were
protests, but there were a lot of a lot
of discontent online. And in all these
cases, the local authorities would uh
put out a statement to refute some of
these uh public concerns. And analysts
say that this approach has not been
working right because it seems like for
China, it's so important to maintain
social stability that the instinct, the
first instinct for local officials is to
cover up these things in order to not um
risk their political careers. Uh and
it's interesting if you watch the video
you can hear that some of these
protesters they were singing the
national anthem in a way to perhaps show
that the target of their anger is not
the central government is the local
officials or you can inter interpret it
as a way to protect themselves maybe to
cast themselves as patriots here rather
than the provocators.
>> Mman thank you so much there Mman low
with the details here on this quite a
rare occurrence of course taking place
our China correspondent there. Uh very
quickly before we just head to break uh
brief look at markets. Hanging index
what you think that is good generally
speaking on price today. Yes because
you're getting a rally across the big
tech names. This slow grind higher on
the mainland benchmark Shanghai comp
four year high. CSI 300 11 month high.
Shenzhen comp is now the highest level
going back three years as well. So this
resurgence of the entree markets more on
that in a moment. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Yeah, interesting. In case you saw that
uh promo, the either a moose or a water
buffalo. Anyway, quite literally, Water
Buffalo is how Morgan Stanley's Robin
Chang talked about this what's been
taking place in the onore market where
you have a lot of liquidity. That's the
that's the connection there. Money being
taken out of time deposits, low
interestbearing securities into the
stock market.
>> Yeah. And and that's what's really kind
of keeping this rally going. Um, but is
it enough right as we mentioned is it is
it enough to just have valuation and
liquidity when you don't have the the
earnings momentum when you don't have
the economic fundamentals right and Bank
of America they just had a pretty
interesting note about this as well the
stark divergence that you're seeing
between the weak economic fundamentals
and improving stock market performance
is drawing some attention among some of
the domestic investors that they talked
to as well I think they had 12 client
meetings of late and that was one of the
common themes was this disconnect and
really they also mentioned it is comes
down to liquidity, but there's still a
lot of lingering concerns, right?
Whether it's the potential tariffs
related to Russian oil purchases, you
know, the reescalating of trade tensions
that are still some things that they
have to really worry about is the second
half macro outlook.
>> Yeah. Which I think Morgan Stanley still
thinks a slowdown is likely going to
happen in the Chinese economy. And of
course, that pushes back even further
the the any catalyst for inflation to
come back and then demand and then earn
that takes us into earning story. And I
think what he said too is the any
sustainable exit from deflation will
take time. And you know if if if you are
to trust that trend, it will take time
for us to get there.
>> And it can't just be supply side
reforms. We are cutting output.
>> Yeah.
>> It has to be coincided with some sort of
demand driven stimulus. Right. So we
mentioned about some of the subsidies
that we're getting in terms of, you
know, loans that we just heard from
officials here today. That is part of
that demand sort of consumption sort of
stimulus that we're seeing, you know, in
different facets of it. Right. if we can
see more of that. He says maybe we could
see more of this whole anti-involution
theme play out as well. Uh we're taking
Thailand markets coming out. We have a
Bank of Thailand decisions too.
Definitely one to watch as well. That is
it for us here in the China show.
Insight with Hela Amen is next.
[Music]